Silencil is an all-natural dietary supplement in pill form made from a blend of 28 plant extracts and vitamins, which can help fight against chronic tinnitus-related issues. Silencil Ingredient formulation is created by Dr. Thomas Peterson, a member of The Prometheus Society, and research analyst Henry Sanders and is based on a breakthrough study made by the American Neurological Association. It is considered a highly effective dietary supplement as it works on the root cause of tinnitus – brain tissue and nerve cell inflammation. The silencil supplement results from many years of multiple research findings combined with secret knowledge used by private military contractors in a project they called the Cognitive Learning and Enhancement for Advanced Rehabilitation (C.L.E.A.R.). Made in the US, this supplement upholds the highest standards of hygiene and quality to be sure you are getting the real deal.
How Does The Silencil Supplement Work?
The Silencil Supplement, unlike other ear and brain health supplements, works on the root cause of the problem rather than trying to suppress the symptoms. The root cause of tinnitus is a brain inflammation that is damaging your nerve cells, causing you to hear the constant ringing sounds. The unique blend of ingredients used in the Silencil supplement first works directly on your nerve cells and brain to eliminate the inflammation so that they can stop vibrating. Once the inflammation is eliminated from your brain, the nerve cells start to heal and regain their strength. It also helps rejuvenate the neuronal networks. The ingredients strengthen your brain's neurotransmitters and improve brain function, making your mind sharper. They also shield you from further brain disorders and helps improve your entire health and well-being.
STEP 1: Detoxification. Tinnitus is mainly caused when several toxins accumulate and infect the sensory neurons present in the cerebrum. So, Silencil first works on removing those toxins and freeing the brain from the harmful effects. This reduces any further damage, so your body will focus on healing the brain cells. 
STEP 2: Works on protecting the brain. Several ingredients are present in this supplement that acts as a protective shield for your vulnerable brain. Tinnitus leaves the brain cells fragile, and hence they need proper protection, which Silencil offers brilliantly.
STEP 3: Improvement in cognitive senses. The vitamins and potassium will improve the brain cells' cognitive functioning. As a result, your focus and concentration will improve, allowing your brain to heal properly since it won't suffer too much stress.
STEP 4: Restoring of the neurons' health. Once all these conditions are met, Silencil starts working to improve the neurons' overall health and restoring their normal functionality, and then buzzing in the ears starts reducing.
Benefits Of Silencil™ Supplement
When considering buying a new product, one of the major factors that can sway your decision is its benefits. Silencil Supplement comes with an array of other benefits. These include:
The best part is that all these benefits shared above are achieved with the help of a natural composition. All 28 herbs present in this solution are high quality and included in the formula only after extensive research highlighting each ingredient's role and its safe usage. In simple words, each Silencil ingredient has the backing of science and is safe to take. Here is a look at just some of the main ingredients present in this formula:
GABA:
GABA stands for Gamma-Aminobutyric acid and is a powerful neurotransmitter that is crucial for brain function. It sharpens your focus and memory abilities naturally. On top of that, each serving of this formula under review includes a good amount of this ingredient's active version. It sharpens your focus and memory abilities naturally.
Vitamins1, B2, and B6:
Vitamins are great for the optimal functioning of the brain. When you take these B vitamins in their optimal doses, you can enhance brain function while also eliminating foreign accumulates and toxins gathered in the cranial centers.
Mucuna Puriens:
Mucuna Puriens is available in South America and Asia and is known for its brilliant optimizing properties. Researchers in the West have only started recognizing these properties. Moreover, this ingredient is also applauded for its anti-inflammatory properties.
Chamomile:
Chamomile: Chamomile is another scientifically proven ingredient, appreciated for its medicinal properties. It assists with reducing innate stress levels and supports natural weight loss. So that's two birds down with one ingredient.
Ashwagandha:
Ashwagandha is known for its ayurvedic properties and is widely used across India. This Silencil ingredient shows brilliant medicinal properties, which helps it improve your energy levels, activates acids, enzymes, and more. Recent medical data also shows that the natural extract helps optimize sugar levels, reduce tinnitus and related hearing issues, control anxiety and stress.
Rhodiola
Rhodiola: This flower is a natural relaxant. This means it stimulates nerve function. At the same time, Rhodiola relieves stress. On top of all of this, the ingredient shows the ability to improve neurotransmitters' performance while boosting the brain's functional capacity.
Oat Straw:
Oat Straw: This ingredient is great for dealing with numerous symptoms related to tinnitus and its linked conditions when taken in controlled doses. Oat straw also helps maximize the operational capacity of the brain and improve your focus and memory.

BUY ONLINE WITH DISCOUNT
How long will it take to see the result, and how long would the results stay?
You will feel subtle changes in your hearing within the first few weeks of using the supplement. This shows that the ingredients have begun to work on your body. However, when it comes to your body, there are no shortcuts. Everything good takes time and effort. And that is the case with the Silencil dietary supplement too. Being a supplement made up of 100% natural ingredients, it could take at least five to six months if you want to see complete results. The results largely depend on the level of neuroinflammation in your brain. This may vary from person to person. Further, analyses of the results of over 122,000 men and women who've successfully used this program suggest that you get complete results if you use the supplement for 180 days or more. So, for long-lasting results, doctors recommend using the Silencil dietary supplement for a prolonged period.
How To Use? Are There Any Side Effects To Worry About?
As far as my research can tell, the Silencil supplement does not have any visible side effects. I couldn't find any reviews that complained about side effects both on the internet and off. The recommended dosage of Silencil as a dietary supplement is to take two capsules each day with an 8-ounce glass of water. Alternatively, you could also use the supplement as directed by your healthcare professional. Each bottle of the Silencil supplement contains a full 30 days supply of 60 capsules. It is recommended that the supplement should be consumed every single day without intermittent breaks at least for two to three months to get the best results.
Is Silencil Better Than Its Competitors?
If you're smart ( and if you're reading this, you are smart ), you've been doing your diet pill homework, and you've probably figured out that just because a brand is really popular doesn't necessarily mean that it's good or even mediocre. It only means that the company that owns it has spent MILLIONS on celebrity endorsements and high-cost magazine & internet ads.
BUY ONLINE WITH DISCOUNT

100% money-back guarantee 
Silencil™ is backed by a 100% money-back guarantee for 60 days after purchase. This means that if you're not 100% satisfied with it for ANY reason, we will give you a complete refund within 48 hours of the product being returned. Call our toll-free number or send us an email, and we'll take care of it all for you.100% money-back guarantee (minus shipping and handling).


Reduced tinnitus
Topmost of all, the formula helps control tinnitus by fighting inflammation. The well-researched ingredients present in this solution also ensure that the neural canals are nourished, which brings down inflammation as well as related conditions.

Cognitive merits
By reducing inflammation in parts of the brain, the formula can amp up your focus levels. Silencil pills contain mental enhancers as well. These are clinically proven to deliver several benefits such as better mental focus, increased concentration, reduced brain fog, enhanced clarity, and so on.

Better energy levels
Your energy levels also go up with the regular use of this supplement. Consequently, you feel ready to deal with the day.

Enhanced heart health
Lastly, this solution contains numerous circulatory enhancers as well. These speed up blood circulation in the body and pump blood smoothly and in a relaxed fashion. This optimizes your blood pressure, and with it, your heart health.